# Minutes for Tues, Nov 15, 2022

## Attendees:

* Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs) - EVM solution on top of cardano
* Robert Roose (Indigo Labs) protocols for cardano, stablecoin
* Matthew Plomin (Mehen) - Fiat backed stable coin in the model of USDC
* Eric Coley (Indigo Labs): Co-founder
* Alex S (Gimbalabs)
* Sebastian Pereira  NFT-DAO
* Steve Fisher (CTO Mehen)
* Anita: IOG, leading dapp relations
* Adriana: IOG

## Agenda
- New member Introductions
- Introduction of Stablecoin working group
- Co-chair role

## Notes and Decisions

- Co-chair role needed. We are looking for volunteers withing the WG members to put an agenda, chair the meetings, minutes & actions.
- This is a communty-led working group and the Co-chairs should be members of the WG
- Unfortunatly Ethan is swamped at this moment so he cannot join either chair these meetings
- What are the challenges Cardano Community are facing in terms of stablecoin?
- 2 ways to implement stablecoin: money transmitting license vs trust license.
- Ability to KYC non-US people.
- Meetings will be held every 2 weeks for an hour.

## Open Questions/ Discussions to be raised in Github
1. an official way of displaying fungible tokens from multiple minting policies to be commonly fungible in wallets
2. is a minting policy that is more secure than a key-pair needed?
     - One idea is cold wallet generated minting validation tokens like Gimbalabs developed for oracles
     - One other idea is to have a multi-signature mint that includes an oracle to verify asset sufficiency on every minting transaction
3. "grey list" of UTXOs and/or wallet addresses that are suspected of being affiliated with criminal activity.

## Action Items
```
All action items should have an owner noted
```
1. Adriana to find-out if Discord calls can be recorded
2. WG members to raise issues in Github for items they want to discuss in these meetings
3. Matthew/ Adriana to reach out Vineeth from Emurgo to join this WG
4. ALL - New co-chair of the WG needed
5. Adriana - Next meeting to be scheduled for the 29th November
