## Minutes for Tues, Oct 10, 2022

**Attendees:**

* Robert Roose (Indigo Labs)
* Eric Coley (Indigo Labs)
* Ethan Protas (Optim Finance)
* Dewayne - DC (Liqwid Finance)

**Interested parties:**

* Anita Jovic (IOG)
* Adriana Saez (IOG)

**Apologies:**

* Michal Blasko (Wingriders)
* Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs)
* Interested party - Aric Chang (Wave Financials)
* Interested party - Johnny Nguyen (IOG)
* Interested party - Nick Nayfack (IOG)

**Minutes:**

* The working group agrees that there is a need to be transparent on the work that this working group is doing as it aligns with the Cardano ethos and Web3 for decentralization. However, on the other hand, the purpose of this group was to have a small group that were experts in their respective fields, working on Cardano and DeFi, focusing on defining the strategy. Therefore having a broad membership is the opposite of the original purpose.
* Being transparent and informing the community is very important but bringing a bigger audience is counterproductive.
* The reason to open the WG to a bigger audience is that unfortunately on average only 2 dapps attend the meetings so no one is driving the stablecoin strategy as originally planned.
* It was proposed to define a clear mission statement, goals and milestones for the next 3-6 months, as well as the acceptance criteria to join this group so some members could join.
* The Cardano ecosystem is working on stablecoins or more specifically on CDP like Indigo, Ardana, Liqwid Finance. We just need the Dapps to launch.
* The fiat-backed stablecoin is the issue.
* USDC is not an option. Integration with Circle in the way they deploy USDC with blacklisting wallets can’t be done. Also due to the low TVL Cardano is not attractive enough.
* It was mentioned that although some CDP stablecoin are coming into the ecosystem, for some Dapps not having a fiat-backet stablecoin is an issue as there is not much it can be done. That is the main interest of the participate on the WG
* This WG should focus on Fiat backed or Fiat convertible stablecoin and define a clear roadmap.
* It was proposed to start contact with Matthew from Mehen - USDM for Cardano. https://www.mehen.io/token - I'm right here, guys. Find me on Twitter, Discord, email.
* It was mentioned that a company called Stably approached Wave interested in a Cardano fiat-backed stablecoin. It seems they use a U.S prime Trust, the same set-up as Paxos.
* To issue stablecoin there are only 2 ways of doing it. A US base track which is what Mehen finance are doing or a non-US base track.
* Optim Finance is exploring a non US fiat convertible stablecoin through some sort of a consortium with 2 more partners thinking strategically about these 2 tracks
* For Cardano native stablecoin the US track is difficult at this moment. This is a moving target from a regulatory point of view. It will be interesting to understand Wave’s view on Stably.
* A challenge here is funding. The stablecoin subject is difficult to undertake as a lot of money and legal resources to execute are needed. To see a stablecoin any time soon we need to come up with firepower. It is clear that if we want a billion dollar Defi ecosystem someone needs to pay to get the work done.
* It was agreed to keep as a small group for the moment and not announce this working group for a couple of weeks until a more defined roadmap/ strategy is defined.
* Ethan will chair the WG for the next 2 months

**Actions:**

* **Ethan**- to liaise with Matthew (Mehen) and invite him to these meetings.
* Liaise with Aric (Wave) to provide an update on Stably
* **Ethan** will chair this WG for the next 2 months.
* **Group members** to let **Anita** know if there are any projects/ members that this group would like to invite to these sessions.
**Adriana** to send details to Ethen re: Discord, etc…
