## Minutes for Tues, Sept 27

**Attendees:**

* Robert Roose (Indigo Labs)
* Eric Coley (Indigo Labs)
* Michal Blasko (Wingriders)

**Interested parties:**

* Aric Chang (Wave Financials)
* Johnny Nguyen (IOG)
* Adriana Saez (IOG)

**Apologies:**

* Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs)

**Minutes:**

* Indigo Labs presented their iUSD Cardano Stablecoin which is planned to be launched at the end of November 2022.
* Nick is attending the CIRCLE conference in San Francisco this week.
* IOG is preparing a newsletter to be sent out to the community to reach more dapp developers that want to be involved in the implementation of Cardano native stablecoin.
* The initial council was called DeFi Council. However, due to the creation of more working groups we are proposing to change the name to “Cardano Application Council” to accommodate all different subjects. This needs to be followed up.
* More due diligence around native solutions is needed as well as pursuing other ideas. The general concept is bringing a stablecoin to Cardano that drives the ecosystem forward, where in ideal case, the stablecoin itself should have an established social proof.

**Actions:**

* Adriana to share preliminary analysis on DAI & PAXOS
* Adriana to follow with IOG if a Djed presentation could be done to this group.
* Follow-up with Ardana for a presentation/ update on their stablecoin
* Working group members to research what other Cardano native stablecoin solutions people in this call and outside of the call are building. Work together to bring awareness and collaborate with them. Invite them to the working group.
