# Minutes for Tues, Dec 13, 2022

## Attendees:
Dave, Matthew, Mix, Anita, Alex, Adriana, Steven.

## Intro

The aim of this group is to support the implementation of stablecoins into Cardano.
Here we do problem sensing, draft proposals, contact experts and promote developement of a healthy ecosystem on Cardano.

## Agenda

- [Open Questions](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/RlhqNjZUQkFaU1JJWWxiQkpTdmJoN2FMRUdNcURaWEZNN1MxeUJyclRFVVhjRWVhb2dVcm1abUxrckh3RWFpUnwzNDU4NzY0NTE1MDkwMDI5Mjk1fDI=?share_link_id=663187942708)

## Notes and Decisions

- This is a communty-led working group and the Co-chairs should be members of the WG
- Meetings will be held every 2 weeks for an hour.
- WG members to raise issues in Github for items they want to discuss in these meetings

## Community Questions

- What's an example of project that would be synergistic with services that Anzens/Mehen provide?
- What are the challenges Cardano Community are facing in terms of stablecoin?
- transparency and trust: how do we know that USDA/USDM/DJed are secure? 

## Open problems

- AML: "grey list" of UTXOs and/or wallet addresses that are suspected of being affiliated with criminal activity.
- [Treating multiple fungible tokens as one](https://github.com/input-output-hk/Stablecoin-working-group/issues/14)
- [Curated list of stablecoins on Cardano](https://github.com/input-output-hk/Stablecoin-working-group/issues/10) 
	- Anzens, Mehen, COTI(?), Ardana(?)
- Ability to KYC non-US people.

## Action Items
```
All action items should have an owner noted
```

Alex: Curated list of stablecoins - contact Ardana
- Please explain more how are your algorithmic stable coin technology on Cardano more resilient against takedown efforts by US regulators for the foreseeable future ?

- Alex: Talk to Dave about WG process; January for charter revamp;
- Alex: Talk to Mix of Standardisation of stablecoin, collab with Certification WG.

## Minutes

Dave:
Volunteer to participate, co-chair the group. 

Mix: security audit of a stablecoin, How do we define a stablecoin?
Proposal: 
A CIP draft is needed to promote community trust in the stablecoin technology and stablecoin products on Cardano.

Steven: Agree on standardising stablecoins, we shoud have a standard for Token metadata(?)

Matthew: Definition of a stablecoin is yet to be found. Current failures are not due to the shortcomings of the technology but rather the implementation.


