## Minutes for Tues, Oct 4, 2022

**Attendees:**

* Robert Roose (Indigo Labs)
* Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs)

**Interested parties:**

* Nick Nayfack (IOG)
* Adriana Saez (IOG)

**Apologies:**

* Eric Coley (Indigo Labs)
* Michal Blasko (Wingriders)
* Interested party - Aric Chang (Wave Financials)
* Interested party - Johnny Nguyen (IOG)

**Minutes:**

* Due to CIRCLE’s prioritization process based on TVL, Cardano native USDC will not be implemented for the moment. For the time being we have to wrap USDC.
* This working group (WG) needs to research other alternatives to stablecoins to bring liquidity into the Cardano ecosystem.
* An introductory meeting with PAXOS is needed to understand if they would like to collaborate with the WG and bring this proposal forward.
* We are looking at doing things differently, adding the value of self-regulation and being a successful example where we show people positive proof that our community came up with these best practices. The WG should do more research and put a proposal together by looking at trading data and trading patterns from a community basis.
* The working group has to be managed and led by its members, not IOG. It was mentioned that more people and commitment is needed for this WG to succeed.

**Actions:**

* **Tan** - to set-up a meeting with Paxos
* **Group members** - to appoint chair and vice-chair.

**Outstanding action from previous meetings:**

* **Working group members** to research what other Cardano native stablecoin solutions, or other alternatives are available in the ecosystem.
* **Adriana** to follow with IOG if a Djed presentation could be done to this group and understand if the WG could support with something.
* Follow-up with Ardana for a presentation/ update on their stablecoin.
