## Minutes for Tues, Nov 15, 2022

## Attendees:

* Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs) - EVM solution on top of cardano
* Robert Roose (Indigo Labs) protocols for cardano, stablecoin
* Matthew Plomin (Mehen) - Fiat backed stable coin in the model of USDC
* Eric Coley (Indigo Labs): Co-founder
* Alex S (Gimbalabs)
* Sebastian Pereira  NFT-DAO
* Steve Fisher (CTO Mehen)
* Anita: IOG, leading dapp relations
* Adriana: IOG
* Vineeth Bhuvanagiri: Emurgo, Managing Director of Fintech

## Agenda
- Introduction of Stablecoin working group
- New member Introductions: [Vineeth Bhuvanagiri](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vineeth-bhuvanagiri-59b35679/), 

## Notes and Decisions

- This is a communty-led working group and the Co-chairs should be members of the WG
- 2 ways to implement stablecoin: money transmitting license vs trust license.
- Ability to KYC non-US people.
- Meetings will be held every 2 weeks for an hour.

## Open Questions/ Discussions to be raised in Github
- What's an example of project that would be synergistic with services that Anzens/Mehen provides?
- What are the challenges Cardano Community are facing in terms of stablecoin?
- Anzens, Mehen: What is the same, what is different?
- please explain more how are your algorithmic stable coin technology on Cardano more resilient against takedown efforts by US regulators for the foreseeable future ?
- an official way of displaying fungible tokens from multiple minting policies to be commonly fungible in wallets
- "grey list" of UTXOs and/or wallet addresses that are suspected of being affiliated with criminal activity.



## Action Items
```
All action items should have an owner noted
```
%%1. Adriana to find-out if Discord calls can be recorded%%
1. WG members to raise issues in Github for items they want to discuss in these meetings
2. Create discussion on the today's issue, ready by Thursday.
3. Alex: keep minutes.

## Minutes

Matthew:
Stablecoins: dollars that can be transfered on-chain.
Interoperabiity. Composibility with ledning and borrowing.
ADA->DEX-> hedging against volatility.

Alex: reframe, formulate as a concise question, send to Adriana:

>Is it possible to have a smart contract 
policyID and token name change over time.
Security practice to rotate signing keys.
Stablecoin with open minting policy.
coins will look different on dex in wallets, which is point of pain for users.

